Hello everyone and welcome to the CSSA level on assessment for this assessment.
You will be given an h t m l file it's actually already filled out with content.
It will be your task to edit in additional CSSA file to make the age T.M. look like the solution CSSA
version.
So there's going to be three files you need to actually complete this.
You're going to need to grab from the C as it's level 1 folder these three files right here the level
on assessment see assess level an assessment HVM L and then the test solutions see a SS file.
Let's explore the assessment and explain how these three files are going to work.
All right so here we have my editor open as well as my browser and I have downloaded the three files
I need.
The assessment that the SS file the assessment team T.M. file and then the solutions that CSSA file.
So if I open up those files and take a look at first the M L file so C is s level 1 assessment that
h m l.
This is basically HTL file that we're going to be working with with C Ss.
So for this test you're actually not going to be editing any aged him out but instead you're going to
be editing a C S file it's link to this T.M..
So what we can do right now is just comments out with control or command forward slash any link to the
CSSA refresh this assessment test.
And this is what it looks like at first it says Welcome to the free blog.
Thanks so much for visiting the site.
What is this site for.
Etc. and you see there's a link here that takes you to Google.
We can expand this text area.
Please log in to save your post etc. questions or comments sent feedback here.
All right.
So we see we have a very basic html site if we undo the link to the solutions that we assess and then
refresh this.
We can see that there's a ton of styling here so we've given stuff boarder's stuff background change
the font color changed some borders down here etc..
So this Web site is not meant to look better.
In fact I would say it looks worse than it did without the C Ss but it's meant for you to practice various
aspects of C Ss that we learn in level 1.
So what you'll end up doing is once you've opened up the safety mail file you're going to change the
reference.
Apart from the solutions back to your assessment.
So you say see a little one test or level one and you will then make sure it matches the SS file.
You're going to be filling out which is C Level 1 assessment.
Save that refreshed this and right now it's blank.
So now if we go to this file CSSA want assessment that see SS.
We click on it and we notice here that we actually have a bunch of comments in it and basically for
this test what you're going to be doing is just doing the tasks here.
So for instance it says give the body element of the site a light blue background using a hex code.
So remember just to do this first task to kind of walk you through what the assessment will be like
you'll fall.
So it says give the body element.
OK so I know I want to grab the body and give it a light blue background so I'll say something like
background color and if I wanted it to be dark blue or just a normal blue I would say something like
this blue.
If I refreshed this now everything is blue but you'll have to do when you start this task.
Is use a hex code to do this.
So you wants to be a light blue background color using a hex code and don't worry about any particular
shade of light blue.
It's really up to you.
And then you have test to change each one to have a one pixel solid black border etc. so you can see
here you're going to be editing this assess a little by little until it essentially matches what looks
like the solutions.
OK.
And at the very end there's a bonus challenge and you can.
There's a link to Google here that will say a little.
Hence the challenge.
But don't worry about it too much.
Basically just complete tasks 1 through 9 and then the next lecture actually going to be coding through
the solution.
So again you're just working of the CSSA file here.
That's connected to the assessment that if you ever need a refresher on what the final product essentially
looks like reconnects this email file to the solutions.
What I don't want you to do is just immediately open this solution see SS file.
Don't do that until you've given your best shot to the assessment test.
All right thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.